cli: support for authenticating with private keys and certificates stored in PKCS #11 backend (#771)
edgelesssys/marblerun: docs/docs/workflows/user-authentication.md

Reviewer: > Alternatively, we could forgo the need for a config file and instead let users provide flags

I'd stick with config file approach

# User authentication

> Some privileged workflows require a user to authenticate themselves to the MarbleRun Coordinator.

Reviewer: nit: I'd either scratch "some" or "privileged"

This is done by first [adding a user to the manifest](./define-manifest.md#users) and then using the certificate and matching private key as TLS client credentials when connecting to the Coordinator.

> ## File based authentication
> 
> With file based authentication, you need to have access to a private key and certificate as PEM formatted files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## File-based authentication

With file-based authentication, you need to have access to a private key and certificate as PEM-formatted files.
```
compound modifiers should be hyphenated

For example, you can generate your credentials using the following `openssl` command:

> ```sh
> openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -sha256 -days 3650 -nodes -keyout admin_private.pem -out admin_certificate.pem
> ```
> 
> You can then use these files to authenticate with the MarbleRun Coordinator:
> 
> ```sh

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```bash
openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -sha256 -days 3650 -nodes -keyout admin_private.pem -out admin_certificate.pem
```

You can then use these files to authenticate with the MarbleRun Coordinator:

```bash
````
docusaurus only knows about `bash`

marblerun --cert admin_certificate.pem --key admin_private.pem [COMMAND]
```

> ## PKCS#11 based authentication
> 
> MarbleRun's CLI supports authentication with private keys stored in a PKCS#11 compatible device.
> To load client credentials using PKCS#11, a [PKCS#11 config file](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/ThalesGroup/crypto11@v1.2.6#Config) must be provided, which specifies how to access the PKCS#11 token.
> Additionally, the ID and/or label of the private key and certificate must be provided to the CLI.
> 
> The PKCS#11 config file is a JSON file that should specify the following fields:
> 
> - `Path` (string) - The full path to the PKCS#11 shared library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PKCS #11-based authentication

The MarbleRun CLI supports authentication with private keys stored in a PKCS #11-compatible device.
To load client credentials using PKCS #11, you must provide a [PKCS #11 config file](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/ThalesGroup/crypto11@v1.2.6#Config), which specifies how to access the PKCS #11 token.
Additionally, you must provide the ID and/or label of the private key and certificate to the CLI.

The PKCS #11 config file is a JSON file that should specify the following fields:

- `Path` (string) - The full path to the PKCS #11 shared library.
```
* `PKCS #11` is spelled with a space
* prefer active voice

- `Pin` (string) - The PIN (password) to access the token.
- One of:
  - `TokenSerial` (string) - Serial number of the token to use.
  - `TokenLabel` (string) - Label of the token to use.
  - `SlotNumber` (int) - Number of the slot containing the token to use.

The following shows an example for authenticating with a key and certificate stored in a token with the label `marblerun-token`:

> ```json5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```json
```
docusaurus only knows about `json`

{
    "Path": "/usr/lib/softhsm/libsofthsm2.so", # Replace with path to your PKCS #11 shared library
    "TokenLabel": "marblerun-token",
    "Pin": "1234" # Replace with your token's actual password
}
```

> Assuming the key and certificate have the label `marblerun-key` and `marblerun-cert` respectively, invoked the CLI as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming the key and certificate have the label `marblerun-key` and `marblerun-cert` respectively, invoke the CLI as follows:
```

> Assuming the key and certificate have the label `marblerun-key` and `marblerun-cert` respectively, the CLI can be invoked as follows:
> 
> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming the key and certificate have the label `marblerun-key` and `marblerun-cert` respectively, invoke the CLI as follows:

```bash
```
